This is my very first entry for this diary, admittedly I have very low hopes for this project maybe if I project my thoughts all into this .txt file I'll loosen up a bit? I don't want to make it all sound too poetic, as then I sound melodramatic, fuck I'll probably end up deleting everything in one day under a so called ``impulse''.

I wanted to make 10 rules for myself, so whenever I feel like I'm about to make a bad decision I can look down at a paper card.

------------------
Don't be reckless-
------------------

That's a rule that can be applied universally, for me I suppose.

It is an astronomical distance, until I feel satisfied I don't even feel like I used that word right

I had my English Language Paper 2 exam today, I knew what paper was coming up, I should have done more revision before hand I feel like for question 4 and 3 I had a lot of really good ideas, but that all seemed to evaporate out of my brain the second I entered the exam hall. I was nervous, there's not too much that can be said about this day, should i wish so i suppose i can easily recollect these memories. i saw her this morning when i was using my laptop to revise this morning, i don't know why she came that way, seeing her before the exam made me really nervous,

I now have a rowdy audience, I don't know the exact room code of where I am but it's nice it's secluded? well not in the sense that i will like im happy abduallhai and i are finally talking itll be nice to talk to someone on the way home.

They probably aren't going anywhere in life, well by that I mean they probably aer going to get employed like in car manufacturing or shit like that thats also cool i guess, but i feel like idk they are kind of dumb i don't know why im being so spiteful today.

I can't wait to go to sleep, it'll be nice i hope i have a dream like that this time, that dream was it felt nice, my face melted when it happened in euphoria? and time stopped for like 5 seconds, and the whole world felt right, i've had so many different fucking dreams over my life, i wish i could write them all down and tell someone one day, like the time i went to that fucking palace library, so that would be cool.
